react/states_and_effects: add cv application project lesson (#25728)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/states_and_effects/project_cv_application.md

### Introduction

Congratulations, you made it to the very first React project. In this project, you will be creating a small CV application. It's a great project to get you started because it includes many of the basic concepts you've learned so far, without a huge overhead of complexity.

> ### Deploying A React App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploying a React application
```

While we have been using GitHub Pages to deploy our **static webpages** till now, and we can definitely continue to do so with hacky ways, it's far easier to let a PaaS (Platform as a Service) do the same for us! There are a lot of options to host such sites, and the [Vite hosting docs](https://vitejs.dev/guide/static-deploy.html) go over all of them.

> Not only do some of these get rid of additional steps after pushing our code to GitHub as these services have tools that automatically _deploy on push_, but you also will not need to worry about other issues further down the curriculum, like routers and build steps. We shall use a few selected options for now. Once you are done with the assignment, choose any of the following options, and deploy!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only do some of these get rid of additional steps after pushing our code to GitHub as these services have tools that automatically _deploy on push_, but you also don't have to worry about other issues further down the curriculum, like routers and build steps. We shall use a few selected options for now. Once you are done with the assignment, choose one of the following options, and deploy!
```

---

### Netlify

While there are many ways to deploy to Netlify, like uploading your `dist` directly or using [Netlify's `netlify-cli`](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/) CLI, the most convenient way would be to directly import your GitHub repository to Netlify.

> 1.  Push your React app to GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Push your React application to GitHub.
```

2.  [Import your project](https://app.netlify.com/start) to Netlify by logging in, and selecting your repository.
3.  Select the branch to deploy from (the default setting, from `main`, works) and hit "Deploy site"!
4.  You can access more settings here if you need to!

#### Links

- [Homepage](https://www.netlify.com/)
- [Documentation Website](https://docs.netlify.com/)
- [This section of the Vite docs](https://vitejs.dev/guide/static-deploy.html#netlify-with-git) has a similar brief guide for deployment

---

### Vercel

Similar to Netlify, Vercel also offers a few ways to deploy, but we will be importing our GitHub repository to get benefits like deploy-on-push.

> 1.  Again, push your React app to GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Again, push your React application to GitHub.
```

2.  [Import your project](https://vercel.com/new) to Vercel.
3.  Vercel will automatically detect that you are using Vite. Set your name as you like, and hit "Deploy"!

#### Links

- [Homepage](https://www.vercel.com/)
- [Documentation Website](https://www.vercel.com/docs)

---

### Cloudflare Pages

> 1.  Yes, push your React app to GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Yes, push your React application to GitHub.
```

2.  Create a new Cloudflare account and log into it.
3.  Under Account Home, select "Workers & Pages" > "Pages" > "Connect to Git".
4.  Connect to GitHub and select your GitHub repository.
5.  Under "Set up builds and deployments", set `npm run build` as the build command, and `dist` as the build output directory.
6.  Under "Environment variables (advanced)" > "Add variable", add a variable named `NODE_VERSION` and set its value to be the version number of Node that you are using. You can find this by executing `node -v` in your terminal.
7.  Hit "Save and Deploy" and watch it come to life!

#### Links

- [Homepage](https://pages.cloudflare.com/)
- [Documentation Website](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages)
- [This section in the Cloudflare docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-vite3-project/) discusses these very steps

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

> 1.  Create a new React Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a new React project.
```

2.  Think about how to structure your application into components. Your application should include:
    1.  A section to add general information like name, email and phone number.
    2.  A section to add your educational experience (school name, title of study and date of study)

>     3.  A section to add practical experience (company name, position title, main tasks of your jobs, date from and until when you worked for that company)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3.  A section to add practical experience (company name, position title, main responsibilities of your jobs, date from and until when you worked for that company)
```
